README.md, before:

# UIImageViewAlignedSwift

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/UIImageViewAlignedSwift.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/UIImageViewAlignedSwift)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/UIImageViewAlignedSwift.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/UIImageViewAlignedSwift)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/UIImageViewAlignedSwift.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/UIImageViewAlignedSwift)
[![Carthage compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)

## Usage

To run the example project, clone the repo, and run `pod install` from the Example directory first.

## Requirements
* iOS 8.0+, tvOS 9.0+
* Swift 5.x

## Installation

### CocoaPods

[CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org) is a dependency manager for Cocoa projects. You can install it with the following command:

```bash
$ gem install cocoapods
```

To integrate UIImageViewAlignedSwift into your Xcode project using CocoaPods, specify it in your `Podfile`:

```ruby
pod 'UIImageViewAlignedSwift'
```

Then, run the following command:

```bash
$ pod install
```

### Carthage

[Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage) is a decentralized dependency manager that builds your dependencies and provides you with binary frameworks.

You can install Carthage with [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/) using the following command:

```bash
$ brew update
$ brew install carthage
```

To integrate UIImageViewAlignedSwift into your Xcode project using Carthage, specify it in your `Cartfile`:

```ogdl
github "sochalewski/UIImageViewAlignedSwift"
```

Run `carthage update` to build the framework and drag the built `UIImageViewAlignedSwift.framework` into your Xcode project.

## What is it?

It is a subclass of `UIImageView` that allows you to customize the alignment of the displayed image inside the view's frame.
This works even if the `contentMode` is set to `.scaleAspectFit`, `.scaleAspectFill` or `.scaleToFill`.

It is rewritten to Swift based on original [UIImageViewAligned by reydanro](https://github.com/reydanro/UIImageViewAligned).

## Why a subclass of UIImageView, and not a standard UIView?

Because there are many cool categories built on top of `UIImageView`. Subclassing a standard `UIView` would mean losing them.

For example, `AFNetworking`'s async `UIImageView` category works perfectly using this container class, and you don't have to worry about a thing.

## How does it work?

When initialized, `UIImageViewAligned` will create a inner `UIImageView` which will actually hold the image displayed.
The main class then just repositions this inner `UIImageView` to achieve your desired alignment.

At runtime, you can change the `image`, `contentMode` or `alignment` and the image will reposition itself correctly.

The `image` property of `UIImageViewAligned` is overwritten to forward the calls to the inner `UIImageView`, so you can just drag and drop into your app.

## Author

Piotr Sochalewski, <a href="http://sochalewski.github.io">sochalewski.github.io</a>

## License

UIImageViewAlignedSwift is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.

Commit message:

Update Package.swift and README.md

README.md, after:

# UIImageViewAlignedSwift

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/UIImageViewAlignedSwift.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/UIImageViewAlignedSwift)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/UIImageViewAlignedSwift.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/UIImageViewAlignedSwift)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/UIImageViewAlignedSwift.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/UIImageViewAlignedSwift)
[![Swift Package Manager compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift_Package_Manager-compatible-4BC51D.svg)](https://www.swift.org/package-manager/)
[![Carthage compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-compatible-4BC51D.svg)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)

## Usage

To run the example project, clone the repo, and run `pod install` from the Example directory first.

## Requirements
* iOS 8.0+, tvOS 9.0+
* Swift 5.x

## Installation

### Package Manager

You can add UIImageViewAlignedSwift to an Xcode project by adding it as a package dependency.

  1. From the **File** menu, select **Add Packages…**
  2. Enter `https://github.com/sochalewski/UIImageViewAlignedSwift` into the package repository URL text field.
  3. Add the package to your app target.

### CocoaPods

[CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org) is a dependency manager for Cocoa projects. You can install it with the following command:

```bash
$ gem install cocoapods
```

To integrate UIImageViewAlignedSwift into your Xcode project using CocoaPods, specify it in your `Podfile`:

```ruby
pod 'UIImageViewAlignedSwift'
```

Then, run the following command:

```bash
$ pod install
```

### Carthage

[Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage) is a decentralized dependency manager that builds your dependencies and provides you with binary frameworks.

You can install Carthage with [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/) using the following command:

```bash
$ brew update
$ brew install carthage
```

To integrate UIImageViewAlignedSwift into your Xcode project using Carthage, specify it in your `Cartfile`:

```ogdl
github "sochalewski/UIImageViewAlignedSwift"
```

Run `carthage update` to build the framework and drag the built `UIImageViewAlignedSwift.framework` into your Xcode project.

## What is it?

It is a subclass of `UIImageView` that allows you to customize the alignment of the displayed image inside the view's frame.
This works even if the `contentMode` is set to `.scaleAspectFit`, `.scaleAspectFill` or `.scaleToFill`.

It is rewritten to Swift based on original [UIImageViewAligned by reydanro](https://github.com/reydanro/UIImageViewAligned).

## Why a subclass of UIImageView, and not a standard UIView?

Because there are many cool categories built on top of `UIImageView`. Subclassing a standard `UIView` would mean losing them.

For example, `AFNetworking`'s async `UIImageView` category works perfectly using this container class, and you don't have to worry about a thing.

## How does it work?

When initialized, `UIImageViewAligned` will create a inner `UIImageView` which will actually hold the image displayed.
The main class then just repositions this inner `UIImageView` to achieve your desired alignment.

At runtime, you can change the `image`, `contentMode` or `alignment` and the image will reposition itself correctly.

The `image` property of `UIImageViewAligned` is overwritten to forward the calls to the inner `UIImageView`, so you can just drag and drop into your app.

## Author

Piotr Sochalewski, <a href="http://sochalewski.github.io">sochalewski.github.io</a>

## License

UIImageViewAlignedSwift is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.
